 <1> (image)
 <2> (image)











 <3> (image)
 <4> (image)

+] Interpretation
  4:10 And Moses said unto the LORD, O my LORD, I am not eloquent,
neither heretofore, nor since thou hast spoken unto thy servant: but I
am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue.

4:11 And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who
maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the
LORD?  4:12 Now therefore go, and I will be with thy mouth, and teach
thee what thou shalt say.

4:13 And he said, O my LORD, send, I pray thee, by the hand of him
whom thou wilt send.

4:14 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said,
Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well.
And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth
thee, he will be glad in his heart.

4:15 And thou shalt speak unto him, and put words in his mouth: and I
will be with thy mouth, and with his mouth, and will teach you what ye
shall do.




God says...
Israel.

21:24 And Israel smote him with the edge of the sword, and possessed
his land from Arnon unto Jabbok, even unto the children of Ammon: for
the border of the children of Ammon was strong.

21:25 And Israel took all these cities: and Israel dwelt in all the
cities of the Amorites, in Heshbon, and in all the villages thereof.

21:26 For Heshbon was the city of Sihon the king of the Amorites, who
had fought against the former king of Moab, and taken all his land out
of his hand, even unto Arnon.

21:27 Wherefore they that speak in proverbs say, Come into Heshbon,
let the city of Sihon be built and prepared: 21:28 For there is a fire
gone out of Heshbon, a flame from the city of Sihon: it hath consumed
Ar of Moab, and the lords of the high places of Arnon.

21:29 Woe to thee, Moab! thou art undone, O people of Chemosh: he hath
given his sons that escaped, and his daughters, into captivity unto

+] Interpretation
  The radio was talking about Obama speaking in Hiroshima.  "Moab" is mother
  of all bombs.  "Chemosh" is chemistry.

