----11/02/13 20:20:01----

Let's ask God His favorite kind of cat -- cheetah, lion, tiger, leopard, 
panther, couger, lynx, bobcat or house cat.

Maybe, He can say what He likes about cats.  They lick themselves and purr.

http://www.generatedata.com

Line:69966
God says...
with thy height.

32:6 I will also water with thy blood the land wherein thou swimmest,
even to the mountains; and the rivers shall be full of thee.

32:7 And when I shall put thee out, I will cover the heaven, and make
the stars thereof dark; I will cover the sun with a cloud, and the
moon shall not give her light.

32:8 All the bright lights of heaven will I make dark over thee, and
set darkness upon thy land, saith the Lord GOD.

32:9 I will also vex the hearts of many people, when I shall bring thy
destruction among the nations, into the countries which thou hast not
known.

32:10 Yea, I will make many people amazed at thee, and their kings
shall be horribly afraid for thee, when I shall brandish my sword
before them; and they shall tremble at every moment, every man for his
own life, in the day of thy fall.


:-)

Eclipse tomorrow.

----11/02/13 20:37:42----

Romance?  Limp dick 'cause of doctors or something.  On disability.  Just 
generally fucked-up.  Fucken brain dammage from CIA torturing and shit.

http://www.generatedata.com

Line:2914
God says...
30:29 And he said unto him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and
how thy cattle was with me.

30:30 For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it is now
increased unto a multitude; and the LORD hath blessed thee since my
coming: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also?  30:31
And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not
give me any thing: if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again
feed and keep thy flock.

30:32 I will pass through all thy flock to day, removing from thence
all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among
the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such
shall be my hire.

30:33 So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come, when it
shall come for my hire before thy face: every one that is not speckled
and spotted among the goats, and brown among the sheep, that shall be
counted stolen with me.

Heh.

I got a birth mark.

----11/02/13 20:58:19----

I saw a story on bloatware.

My 100,000 lines of code limit is because of human brain limits.  I want this 
to be cozy for users who look at the code and write programs.

You might be surprised that 256Meg is not enough and it needs 512Meg of RAM.  
That's because memory fragments with no paging (identity-mapping) and because 
I load whole files.  If you generate a new distribution ISO, you will
generate 
a new size chunk for each different size of file and 256 Meg will not be 
enough.

I'm not an old-timer who hates kids that waste capacity.

http://www.generatedata.com

Line:45990
God says...
39:29 From thence she seeketh the prey, and her eyes behold afar off.

39:30 Her young ones also suck up blood: and where the slain are,
there is she.

40:1 Moreover the LORD answered Job, and said, 40:2 Shall he that
contendeth with the Almighty instruct him? he that reproveth God, let
him answer it.

40:3 Then Job answered the LORD, and said, 40:4 Behold, I am vile;
what shall I answer thee? I will lay mine hand upon my mouth.

40:5 Once have I spoken; but I will not answer: yea, twice; but I will
proceed no further.

40:6 Then answered the LORD unto Job out of the whirlwind, and said,
40:7 Gird up thy loins now like a man: I will demand of thee, and
declare thou unto me.

40:8 Wilt thou also disannul my judgment? wilt thou condemn me, that

----11/02/13 21:20:38----

http://www.generatedata.com

Line:18755
God says...
31:1 And Moses went and spake these words unto all Israel.

31:2 And he said unto them, I am an hundred and twenty years old this
day; I can no more go out and come in: also the LORD hath said unto
me, Thou shalt not go over this Jordan.

31:3 The LORD thy God, he will go over before thee, and he will
destroy these nations from before thee, and thou shalt possess them:
and Joshua, he shall go over before thee, as the LORD hath said.

31:4 And the LORD shall do unto them as he did to Sihon and to Og,
kings of the Amorites, and unto the land of them, whom he destroyed.

31:5 And the LORD shall give them up before your face, that ye may do
unto them according unto all the commandments which I have commanded
you.

31:6 Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them:
for the LORD thy God, he it is that doth go with thee; he will not
fail thee, nor forsake thee.

----11/02/13 22:04:43----

Not homo.  Doctors are fucked.  Torture me.  Did you not hear God talk?

http://www.generatedata.com

Line:28807
God says...
and all the people of Judah conducted the king, and also half the
people of Israel.

19:41 And, behold, all the men of Israel came to the king, and said
unto the king, Why have our brethren the men of Judah stolen thee
away, and have brought the king, and his household, and all David's
men with him, over Jordan?  19:42 And all the men of Judah answered
the men of Israel, Because the king is near of kin to us: wherefore
then be ye angry for this matter? have we eaten at all of the king's
cost? or hath he given us any gift?  19:43 And the men of Israel
answered the men of Judah, and said, We have ten parts in the king,
and we have also more right in David than ye: why then did ye despise
us, that our advice should not be first had in bringing back our king?
And the words of the men of Judah were fiercer than the words of the
men of Israel.

20:1 And there happened to be there a man of Belial, whose name was
Sheba, the son of Bichri, a Benjamite: and he blew a trumpet, and
said, We have no part in David, neither have we inheritance in the son
of Jesse: every man to his tents, O Israel.

----11/02/13 22:24:40----

I'm not in Linus' crowd.  I don't like communism.  I was at Ticketmaster when 
we were sued for monopoly by Pearl Jam.

God's world is perfectly just.  Thou shall not covet.

http://www.generatedata.com

Line:13936
God says...
congregation: and, behold, the cloud covered it, and the glory of the
LORD appeared.

16:43 And Moses and Aaron came before the tabernacle of the
congregation.

16:44 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 16:45 Get you up from
among this congregation, that I may consume them as in a moment. And
they fell upon their faces.

16:46 And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a censer, and put fire therein
from off the altar, and put on incense, and go quickly unto the
congregation, and make an atonement for them: for there is wrath gone
out from the LORD; the plague is begun.

16:47 And Aaron took as Moses commanded, and ran into the midst of the
congregation; and, behold, the plague was begun among the people: and
he put on incense, and made an atonement for the people.

16:48 And he stood between the dead and the living; and the plague was

God says...
replacement partly moon Legal X execrable health 6221541 flesh choice Avenue 
old gnashed wrench encouraged recommended enabled Royalties

----11/02/13 22:46:44----

I am aware of the angel/spacealien/CIA agents that run the world.  God is 
perfectly just.

http://www.generatedata.com

Line:13244
God says...
own land, and to my kindred.

10:31 And he said, Leave us not, I pray thee; forasmuch as thou
knowest how we are to encamp in the wilderness, and thou mayest be to
us instead of eyes.

10:32 And it shall be, if thou go with us, yea, it shall be, that what
goodness the LORD shall do unto us, the same will we do unto thee.

10:33 And they departed from the mount of the LORD three days'
journey: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD went before them in
the three days' journey, to search out a resting place for them.

10:34 And the cloud of the LORD was upon them by day, when they went
out of the camp.

10:35 And it came to pass, when the ark set forward, that Moses said,
Rise up, LORD, and let thine enemies be scattered; and let them that
hate thee flee before thee.

----11/02/13 22:49:10----

This is not reality, but imagine Truman on the Truman show worrying about a 
job. That's silly, nonsense.

God says...
300 unsure instability impudently fifteen wounds wilt serving Art glided 
qualities Platonists increasing application much may solid small religious 
password my answer Jordan director parents metre createth tumultuously 
inspirest great penetrating Apostolic indicated recovered evermore Up dollar 
hale reality Sudden forbid descend Father cleaved

This guy wouldn't worry about a job:

* The Prisoner

* West World

http://www.generatedata.com

Line:85747
God says...
troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another
steppeth down before me.

5:8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

5:9 And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and
walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.

5:10 The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the
sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed.

5:11 He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me,
Take up thy bed, and walk.

5:12 Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take
up thy bed, and walk?  5:13 And he that was healed wist not who it
was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that
place.

5:14 Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him,

----11/02/13 23:37:47----

Quantum Computing and Brain

I was expecting my medical doctor-nigger retards who think the brain goes 
400Mhz.  Psychologists ignore mental patients' theories.

This is who I normally deal with:

* KeyPeele#1

* KeyPeele#2

The guy in the quantum talk was at least smart.  Something's going on.  I 
don't know what.  It's not something I can understand.

http://www.generatedata.com

Line:10668
God says...
be presented alive before the LORD, to make an atonement with him, and
to let him go for a scapegoat into the wilderness.

16:11 And Aaron shall bring the bullock of the sin offering, which is
for himself, and shall make an atonement for himself, and for his
house, and shall kill the bullock of the sin offering which is for
himself: 16:12 And he shall take a censer full of burning coals of
fire from off the altar before the LORD, and his hands full of sweet
incense beaten small, and bring it within the vail: 16:13 And he shall
put the incense upon the fire before the LORD, that the cloud of the
incense may cover the mercy seat that is upon the testimony, that he
die not: 16:14 And he shall take of the blood of the bullock, and
sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward; and before
the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven
times.

16:15 Then shall he kill the goat of the sin offering, that is for the
people, and bring his blood within the vail, and do with that blood as
he did with the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it upon the mercy
seat, and before the mercy seat: 16:16 And he shall make an atonement

There's some love there -- the Bible Jews toward God.  I think love is the 
engine for causing miracles.  They get pretty side-tracked.  That should be a 
warning to all of us that we can think we have things figured-out -- look how 
many wrong ideas God allows.

God says...
dream trailed tcosa10 falsehood Central Duad University

This was my main professor Konstantinos Tsakalis at ASU.

God says...
being notwithstanding distinguishing signifies Latinum eased ambitions
justice 
performing swaying Project fleeting Hymns associated refuge drinketh codes 
imitated discourses Suppose provoke auditors 3000 diddest allegory destroyers 
acute melody covenant Ours Colorado Old condensed cogitation reproof 
insolently silversmiths looketh smoke belly crept denied exists doer
Sometimes 
conjugal fearing Internal assure dangers talketh cities endeavoured this 
steadfast provision study
