                               TempleOS Charter

The goal of TempleOS is to provide an ideal environment for recreational 
programming and not imitate Linux.  TempleOS is orders of magnitude simpler 
than Linux to better fulfill the promise of open source.  The vision for 
TempleOS is a 64-bit, souped-up, multitasking, multicore Commodore 64 with a C
+ shell instead of BASIC that runs x86_64 code.

TempleOS holds no standards sacred -- everything is freshly designed from 
scratch.  This is not a 1970's main frame operating system and, no, it has 
nothing to do with Commodore 64 emulation -- it's x86_64.

 
1) TempleOS is ring-0-only, running everything in kernel mode including 
applications.  You have full access to memory, I/O ports, instructions, etc. 
at all times, because that's fun.

2) TempleOS will always identity-map memory in a single-address-map 
configuration.  (Virtual addresses are always kept equal to physical
addresses 
with a single map for all tasks on all cores.)  It's as though paging is not 
used.

3) TempleOS will always be for one platform -- x86_64 PC compatibles.

4) TempleOS will never have networking, so malware is less of an issue.

5) TempleOS will always have one video mode, 640x480 by 16 colors, unless
that 
mode becomes unavailable on computers in the future.

6) TempleOS will always be free.  I might sell applications, support, or, 
possibly, do adware.

7) TempleOS will always be 100% open source with all source included, unless 
device drivers or something can only be included with non-disclosure 
agreements.

8) All function args and returns will be 64-bit.  No plans for C++.

9) TempleOS documents are not for printing.  They're dynamic and intended for 
the screen.  There will always be just one font, a fixed-width font.  No 
Unicode, just ASCII.

10) TempleOS is not for multimedia.  Games will be created by programmers,
not 
artists.  Sounds and images will be, primarily, calculated in real-time, not 
fetched.

11) All functions, variables and class members will be accessible.  There are 
no C++ public/private protections and all functions, even secondary ones in 
the kernel, can be called.

12) **Backward compatibility is NOT guaranteed.**  You are safest working
with JIT 
compilation instead of AOT binaries because I can add members to classes, 
reorder members in classes, add default args to existing functions, change #de
fine values, etc. all without breaking compatibility.


* "Commodore 64" was a trademark of Commodore Business Machines.
* "Linux" is probably a trademark owned by Linus Torvalds.
