----10/03/13 09:11:21----

God said the best religion is the one with the most new vistas of 
understanding over a lifetime -- the one you can level-up the most in.

I was raised Catholic, leveled-up through that, and now I'm beyond, without 
hatred, bitterness or other strong feelings.  Communion is a sacrament of 
initiation.  I guess it's food for thought, LOL.

http://virtual-notary.org

Here is the certificate.

Line:16909
God says...
9:21 And I took your sin, the calf which ye had made, and burnt it
with fire, and stamped it, and ground it very small, even until it was
as small as dust: and I cast the dust thereof into the brook that
descended out of the mount.

9:22 And at Taberah, and at Massah, and at Kibrothhattaavah, ye
provoked the LORD to wrath.

9:23 Likewise when the LORD sent you from Kadeshbarnea, saying, Go up
and possess the land which I have given you; then ye rebelled against
the commandment of the LORD your God, and ye believed him not, nor
hearkened to his voice.

9:24 Ye have been rebellious against the LORD from the day that I knew
you.

9:25 Thus I fell down before the LORD forty days and forty nights, as
I fell down at the first; because the LORD had said he would destroy
you.

----10/03/13 09:31:08----

The last time I went to church (2002), I walked-out because I was annoyed by 
the priest being a drama queen and walking slowly around the altar.  They
were 
doing a reading as I left and I heard, "If God is for you, who can be 
against?"

This is the parable of the sower.  Rich soil is intelligent people.

Matthew 13:1-9

"For those who have ears to hear," is a common saying of Jesus.  I really 
don't want to hang-out with people who I have to not tell stuff to.  If it's
a 
matter of keeping my mouth shut around kids and stuff...  I want none of that.

God says...
looked seasoneth Episcopal cherished Difficulty star spreadest maketh puffed 
eloquent tookest alive among saith seeketh teeming childbearing IV promiseth 
found yea perished with Etext prevails adultery speedily intercede revolving 
defers calleth luminaries enforced bestowedst obtained stored emerging 
approveth risen Shall conflict busied manners lustful preferred stanzas 
wholesomely shoutedst Milanese minutest calculate steps unbeseemingly father 
enquire rush bore looker The unfeigned want coals usage glory Vanilla hinder 
went convenient stream fragment necessaries benefits madly multiplicity 
workest been extinguish hoped concreated stretch always adoption land 
understands groaning prisoner seek exercise deserters interpreted villainies 
ensnaring consecrating raged YOU fed will Jesus descend crudities consulters

----10/03/13 17:59:56----

Back in 2004, I read Linux code to find-out how to do IDE ATA PIO.  I went 
looking for IN and OUT commands and I had to dive through 6 layers of
function 
depth!  Also, they had these crazy stupid #define macros to make C look like 
C++.  They had #ifdefs that made it ugly, too.

At that point, I wanted minimal abstraction in mine and just one architecture 
with almost no #ifdefs.

Just now, I added this, reluctantly.  Using this stupid function forces
people 
to look-up code:


Bool IsEditableText(CDocEntry *doc_e)
{
  if (doc_e->type_u8==DOCT_TEXT&&
    !(doc_e->flags1&DOCEG1_DONT_EDIT))
    return TRUE;
  else
    return FALSE;
}

Oh, well.  Sometimes there are no perfect solutions, the way you want.

----10/03/13 18:50:30----

http://virtual-notary.org

Here is the certificate.

Line:48867
God says...
58:6 Break their teeth, O God, in their mouth: break out the great
teeth of the young lions, O LORD.

58:7 Let them melt away as waters which run continually: when he
bendeth his bow to shoot his arrows, let them be as cut in pieces.

58:8 As a snail which melteth, let every one of them pass away: like
the untimely birth of a woman, that they may not see the sun.

58:9 Before your pots can feel the thorns, he shall take them away as
with a whirlwind, both living, and in his wrath.

58:10 The righteous shall rejoice when he seeth the vengeance: he
shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked.

58:11 So that a man shall say, Verily there is a reward for the
righteous: verily he is a God that judgeth in the earth.

----10/03/13 19:12:05----

What do You think of Breaking Bad?

I'm on God's side and they're on the side of evil.

http://virtual-notary.org

Here is the certificate.

Line:71346
God says...
44:26 And after he is cleansed, they shall reckon unto him seven days.

44:27 And in the day that he goeth into the sanctuary, unto the inner
court, to minister in the sanctuary, he shall offer his sin offering,
saith the Lord GOD.

44:28 And it shall be unto them for an inheritance: I am their
inheritance: and ye shall give them no possession in Israel: I am
their possession.

44:29 They shall eat the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the
trespass offering: and every dedicated thing in Israel shall be
theirs.

44:30 And the first of all the firstfruits of all things, and every
oblation of all, of every sort of your oblations, shall be the
priest's: ye shall also give unto the priest the first of your dough,
that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house.

44:31 The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself,

----10/03/13 19:30:56----

I wrote a text editor in 2004 with a circular doubly-linked list for lines.  
It was called an LTF, linked-text-file.  The nodes became commands, not 
complete lines.  Then, I added graphics.  I eventually named them DOC instead 
of LTF.  You can see all this on the Internet Archive.  I'll save you some 
work.

Files from Internet Archive

My command-line is done with the same editor as text files.  It has live 
widgets.  I do not have a stream like STDOUT.  This is the way it's always 
been.  I fucken wrote the Ticketamster Report generator editor in 1992.  Same 
shit.

God says...
reverently sceptre betook Continency blessedly hopes tasting hugging prey 
blasts extricate external consenting freshness sings liftest Firmament
severed 
affrighted finite exceedeth disorders your ceaseth courses fashion motive 
breaking mirth ebbs Stop ABOUT convict Eve

----10/03/13 21:44:14----

Let's ask God what He knows about giraffes.

God says...
gain reply notion login singularly An regardless Teacher footsteps reckon 
blunt convict Dispenser fairness ample frenzied displeased FTP sick Medea 
allotted Observe churches vexed Fair relating prescripts murdered shared 
spider tempered perished whereat real minutest woundest furnish punishment 
growth reproachful repelled deceived ask initiation lo killed reverently play 
origin

God's a genius.  Giraffes are kinda like spiders and they have eyelashes, too.

----10/03/13 22:05:53----

What do You think of space walks, God?  Do You have space critters?  How big?

God says...
stone victory teach confer Some martyr African mazes wondered fail esteem 
drink curiosity departed foretelling friend stiffneckedness as solitude 
witnesses objects debtor discourage deceivers parting these electronic 
overcast

You think we should have a war memorial in this temple, maybe, a game for
each 
war, LOL?

God says...
interpose avenues advices base namely enlightening proffer retain violets 
sounds dragon sentences struggles deserving transformed deservings moving 
succeed affliction subdued stranger lights pages enjoying accursed eaten 
measuring panting stretched psalm Print Vermont eluding adapted Jerusalem 
holily lower grieving provide beguiling sumptuously glide dying render 
countryman suppress

They were talking about past lovers.  Any people in the last 500 years 
particularly dear to You, God?  (God's laughing)

God says...
stretched cloyedness difference forbid consistent contentions 99 treasures 
nourishment cometh hotly instructor perceivable Catholics sever depth rob 
haply discipline comprehending moments wizard

Who's the brave heart guy, George Wallice?

God says...
famished stands Corrected stopped allotted involved barred new refresh 60
brow 
Alexandria reasonings endeavouring anon frozen fairer

"What makes my birds happy?" "Gnawing"

I should give them more gnawing material.  I'm mean.

God says...
disclaims fruitlessly vicissitude Passing recess project rejects sacrilegious 
unquiet stopped Comforter grammar imagination deluded riveted Elijah searcher 
likewise saddeneth thinks perverted feed inured ceasest stretched knocking

How was the harvest this year.  Octoberfest season.

God says...
source vows ornamenting belonging young disengage baptised gained three 
Already

Should I organize contributing to the temple?

Got any artists You like?

God says...
female lying mocked Right taught 401 Hortensius stage boy inferior Adam facts 
exude daybreak cleaving answerably reverence

Long live Percival (bird), the mighty.

God says...
slow Darkness Therefore up burnest sobriety influences counterfeit spreads 
meddle sipped Money streets Agonistic recall Literary penetrating satisfy 
fruit medicining frenzies lords general Happy silversmiths wash trailed 
ourselves conjugal watchings brows companion unlawful thought products 
commander interrupt lessen chambering foamed whereon to star directly
instruct 
sciences resurrection replenish observed embittered noise Pages variableness 
intellectual swelling opening miserably createst milder have deemed speeches 
reproachful whilst warned Creusa heaped discussed apprehending amendment 
superstitious

----10/03/13 22:26:11----

WWW.OSDEV.ORG

They're talking about VBE VESA high res.

God said 640x480 16 color back in 2004 and I have never thought of others.
I wrote ALL the low level graphics routines, including 3D triangle fill and 
Blot.

God says...
universal courses flew rejected revelation Ambrosian alter coals greatest 10 
SEND cure two delightful human bursting third Though meditated willed forging 
tradition figurative dividing enact there substantial acting Jerusalem 
mockeries sights etext00 inexpressible imagination bethink use succeed hot 
Duck shop inclined detached straitness needed neatly blottedst distress 
abundant receiving peradventure unhealthiness apart warranties sober Carthage 
Luxury affection peacemaker satiety comfortest existing panting IT mingle 
Whoso pierce provided Truth wrested aspirate 01 lied prunes rejection
overcast 
remembering rigidly exists honied temper infuse officer butler festival
recess 
elsewhere subjection streets heaven taken casters hallowed necessary selling 
ascertained delivered choice feels afraid void encompass recalled resembling 
infidelity cower wanderings hardship sin mail dieth absurdly rites useth 
organs ascended joking familiarised

----10/03/13 22:37:48----

[C:/Adam/Gr/GrPrimatives.CPP.Z,1131] GrFillTri0()
[C:/Adam/Gr/GrBitMap.CPP.Z,71] GrBlot()

I did everything by myself from scratch.  Just ask God.

God says...
ripened origin essay tend Grant faster Within

----10/03/13 22:44:04----

I have made God's temple.  It's done.  It's beautiful.  It works great.

God says...
some kill safety digits Strength wind inner community precede effectedst 
decree law begun sharpsighted will recovered disquiet passionately provision 
ear intolerable Full awful continue write unconscious supposed drove balneum

http://virtual-notary.org

Here is the certificate.

Line:72108
God says...
3:13 Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. Then they brought these men before
the king.

3:14 Nebuchadnezzar spake and said unto them, Is it true, O Shadrach,
Meshach, and Abednego, do not ye serve my gods, nor worship the golden
image which I have set up?  3:15 Now if ye be ready that at what time
ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and
dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the image
which I have made; well: but if ye worship not, ye shall be cast the
same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace; and who is that
God that shall deliver you out of my hands?  3:16 Shadrach, Meshach,
and Abednego, answered and said to the king, O Nebuchadnezzar, we are
not careful to answer thee in this matter.

3:17 If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the
burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, O
king.

----10/03/13 23:08:47----

Why don't You scare the shit out of the dog balls guy?

God says...
Commandment Victorinus filled AUGUSTINE lovers plentifully dissolution
Godhead 
beasts suggested endlessly Nod market

Who's Your favorite guy in the 1800's?
Umm...Dickens?

God says...
leading perchance existeth owns 20 succeeding proceeded suck writings see 
ABOUT seize invest sharp thunder cloven Simplicianus blasphemy void persuade 
speakers mischief mayest tearful Light pertain senator joys departure teaches 
preparing swelled er sacrilegious stuck interruption magnify

How about Twain?  You don't like Twain.  Kinda iconoclast.

God says...
profit number expense marriageable soberly hesitation narrow Blessedness
fence 
shadows Predicament ravish insolently King present monster encourage styled 
partly superstition kept tremble commander Knowledge Amid diligence coming 
sometimes Wills fulness appetite processors discern woke makes obtains 
devoured fumes harvest concealed advised do acting cares Syrian absent 
prohibition possessest School step met unchain reasonings delights LIABILITY 
signified mutability spare sober fragments hypertext influence abided 
Testament hardheartedness sacrificed abominable Such smiting sink glorious 
approve running enact clearness general environeth conclude wonderfulness 
Whereupon

Maybe, You like Teddy Rosevelt?

God says...
proffering is whereupon fired smooth turning accomplish siege surfeiting
fears 
prosper inflicted jointly waves present luxuriousness somewhat Howsoever 
stirring Moreover sorrows fees

Maybe, You like, Edgar Allen Poe?  ROFLAMO

God says...
bounded profligate reposeth wheresoever wooden confused Academicians tenets

You like Tesla?

God says...
deceivingness measured throughout Every looks allowing indebted nevertheless 
uprightness PUBLIC END female

Females?  Madam Curie?  Mary Shelly?  Elimy Dickinson?

God says...
understood caught horses distributest storm tomorrow three Verily asking 
recited deaths readest busied peradventure save constant vomited sung 
displeaseth vanities usual Neither adversity her evermore stick Hereupon 
intenseness slave Cross Release instruction editing flows devised scratching 
ceaseth deformities

Jane Eire, Brody?

God says...
assent siege giver absolute mutability stirring mourn nourish correct 
honouring rebel converting heathen remittest forbid virtue lacketh lost 
descend everlasting

Did You like Newton?

God says...
blessings profess hear Sun Weight shakes strong trace confirmed announcing 
revealedst acquaintance perplexed Unto Churches Ye diversifiedst Noah pause 
ended spare fragrant equally numberless reflect causing effectedst offensive 
unto proofread highly In transitory However unrighteous corruptly depends 
streets

The Sun weighs one google.

When you take a Google interview, all the answers are "a google".

God says...
minds mocking Charity rights misliked Basilica six ending agree anxiety

----10/03/13 23:21:42----

I wrote a JIT/AOT compiler that takes HolyC+ASM and makes x86_64 machine code.

It has optimization.

(5+2)*3

is evaluated in the optimization stage, more or less by executing
intermediate 
code and simplifying constants to a single constant.

30

My operating systems is like Windows, before UEFI.  It comes on an ISO file 
for making a CD-ROM.  You boot the CDROM and it runs an install program which 
installs it on your hard disk.  I wrote boot-loaders and an install program.

I wrote a compiler for HolyC.  You must boot my CDROM to use my compiler to 
compile everything.

You can do nothing outside of my operating system.  You cannot compile.  You 
cannot install.  You cannot boot.

Boot the ISO file on a 64-bit machine.

Fuck You

Tired of You fucken stubborn India-niggers and Ken.

God says...
anyone meanwhile returning Continence these passages interested observing 
stripped face impotent queen Cross Neptune vice sunk immoderate spacious alas 
unexplained line pierce related Example recur folly indite belly Sodom 
justifieth distilled reigning strive cares requirements intently Sure lawful 
licenses assembly melody temper lessons listening organs Prof guilt excellent 
teach existence partake easier quite buyers holden

[C:/Doc/HolyC.TXT.Z,1]

[C:/Doc/Boot.TXT.Z,1]

India-niggers are stubborn as hell.

Did you follow directions?

----10/03/13 23:35:27----

Spoiler alert.  What's in the mantle, God?

Dirt and shit?

God says...
http://virtual-notary.org

Here is the certificate.

Line:25563
God says...
sword, and with a spear, and with a shield: but I come to thee in the
name of the LORD of hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, whom thou
hast defied.

17:46 This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand; and I will
smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the
carcases of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the
air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know
that there is a God in Israel.

17:47 And all this assembly shall know that the LORD saveth not with
sword and spear: for the battle is the LORD's, and he will give you
into our hands.

17:48 And it came to pass, when the Philistine arose, and came, and
drew nigh to meet David, that David hastened, and ran toward the army
to meet the Philistine.

17:49 And David put his hand in his bag, and took thence a stone, and
slang it, and smote the Philistine in his forehead, that the stone

----10/03/13 23:45:50----

Rush Trees

Do trees fight each other (very slowly)?

They get mad and do a counter attack.

http://virtual-notary.org

Here is the certificate.

Line:33640
God says...
Jehoaddan of Jerusalem.

14:3 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, yet not
like David his father: he did according to all things as Joash his
father did.

14:4 Howbeit the high places were not taken away: as yet the people
did sacrifice and burnt incense on the high places.

14:5 And it came to pass, as soon as the kingdom was confirmed in his
hand, that he slew his servants which had slain the king his father.

14:6 But the children of the murderers he slew not: according unto
that which is written in the book of the law of Moses, wherein the
LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not be put to death for the
children, nor the children be put to death for the fathers; but every
man shall be put to death for his own sin.

14:7 He slew of Edom in the valley of salt ten thousand, and took
Selah by war, and called the name of it Joktheel unto this day.
