I have a million metaphors.  Linux is a semi; Windows is a car; and TempleOS 
is a motorcycle.  Or, it's like a 1960's muscle car that wouldn't be street 
legal, now, with all the safety crap regulations complicating and gunking-up, 
but boy is it fun and beautiful under the hood.  Maybe, it's a tree-house -- 
you don't need building codes to mod it and it has no networking.  It's a 
kayak, not a Titanic -- just reset it.  Why do you want a 1970's main frame 
operating system, anyway, that has ugly 32-bit crap all over its C language?  
7-bit ASCII for source code?  Please!  Why not fix all the standard C library 
to pure 64-bit?  How awful PrintF() with "%ld" instead of "%d" and crap for 
long constants!  Yuck!  You'll love [C:/TempleOS/Doc/Differences.TXT.Z,1]
TempleOS C.

Okay, here's a [C:/TempleOS/Demo/Lectures/64BitAsmQuiz.TXT.Z,1] Pop Quiz to
get you psyched-up for TempleOS!  Assembly language 
knowledge is not required, but anyone interested in TempleOS is probably at 
least curious about assembly language. 

TempleOS has a good chance of running natively on x86_64 machines from about 
2003-2010.  After that, it will probably work just in VMware.

1) Download the free TempleOSCD.ISO (24.0 MB).
2) Download the free VMware Player (The  VMware web page takes a whole minute 
to load completely.  Be patient.  When it finally shows, pick the first
".exe" 
to download.)
3) Create an "Other 64-Bit" virtual machine. Aim its CD-ROM to TempleOSCD.ISO
4) Play the virtual machine.
5) Log-in as "Accts/Install".
6) Optionally, purchase VMware WorkStation or download WinImage if you wish
to 
transfer files in and out.

If you want to install my personal version for VMware...
1b) Download the free TempleOSTS.ISO (24.5 MB).
3b) Create an "Other 64-Bit" virtual machine. Aim its CD-ROM to TempleOSTS.ISO
5b) Type >TSInstall; or >TSUpgrade; at the command-line.
7b) See MakeBackUp to reproduce the ISO's in E:/Wb.  It makes this website, 
too.


* "WinImage" is a trademark of Gilles Vollant.
